You see React initially was billed for the web, so react as a library, was used to build Web pages,
then react native, came along to be able to do the same thing we did on the Web, but also natively
on mobile.
So in react, we would use something like Deve or a P or image tag, all HTML tags to build components.
But on a phone there's no HTML because it's not the web, right.
The idea of Riak native is to build for a phone and on a phone.
There's no e-mail, there's no browser.
I mean there is, but we're building native apps.
So when you use something like Div with riak native, well you can't, you have to use views or text
or something like this.
So on the Web, you would often use something called React Dom, to render something on the DOM or on
the Web page with react native use, react native to render something on the mobile app.
Initially react, had the library react, Dom, for the web, but they eventually got split into two.
So on the Web you would use react and the react on library and on mobile, you'd use react and then
react.
Native library.
So if we go back to our example here, you may notice a few things that are different than if you were
using react on the Web.
One is that obviously there's no reactor.
Instead, we're using react native.
Then we notice that we're not using HTML tags, we're using native react native components, so view
and text instead of a div or a PAETEC.
Next, we see that we have this thing called stylesheet, stylesheet is a way that we act native dustups,
so we use this format of stylesheet to create and then we create a new style class using this object
notation.
Now, you'll notice here that we're not using the regular season way of writing Margined Top, which
will be margin desktop top.
Instead, we're using Camil case, which is native to JavaScript, and we also don't have any idea of
pixels here.
Again, Riak native simplifies things for us.
It just says 50 and it tries to optimize it based on the operating system based on the screen for us.
So it makes things a lot simpler.
But once we learn this difference between working with react on the Web and working with react on mobile,
all the other principles are pretty much the same as just components with other components using them
together to build interactive UI.